---
title: 'Discord chainmail'
date: 2022-01-08
description: 'A website made to inform pepole about fake spam messages'
---


#### Intro

- - -

This website is meant to inform people about fake chain messages on the chat platform [Discord](https://discord.com/ "Discord imagine a place"). This website was inspired by seeing one of these chain messages and being so frustrated that people believe them. Instead of addressing these messages individually, I decided to create this site to address them all at once. This site primarily focuses on examples from the Discord platform but lots of the points made can apply to other platforms. An example of one of these messages:

> Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of "nekoCat" with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord is currently working on it. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from nekoCat#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Sorry for the ping! Stay safe please

#### Contents

1.  [What is the harm?](#what-is-the-harm)
2.  [IP leaks](#ip-leaks)
3.  [Accounts DDoSed](#accounts-ddosed)
4.  [Copied from other locations](#copied-from-other-locations)
5.  [From "Discord team"](#from-discord-team)
6.  [Other variations](#other-variations)

#### What is the harm?

- - -

When talking to someone about these messages, they asked: "What is the harm in posting it? You check your phone for 5 seconds?". It is a good question because there is more to this answer than not wanting to check my phone if I do not have to. All that posting these messages accomplishes is:

*   scaring gullible people
*   frustrating people that know its fake
*   spreading false information
*   (possibly) perpetuating a harassment campaign
*   normalizes chain messages

By normalizing chain messages people are more likely to send them around or believe the message, this can be harmful if there is a malicious link or text.

### IP leaks

- - -

Peer-to-peer (P2P) is when a service goes from user to user for example sending a message to a friend (me -> friend), a non-P2P service routes traffic through a third-party, in the same message scenario (me -> third-party -> friend). By routing all communication though a third-party it masks all participants IP address. Some platforms like [Matrix](https://matrix.org/ "Matrix secure, decentralized communication") use the P2P protocol and others like Discord do not.

Some of these chain messages claim that by adding the user to your friend list your IP address will be leaked, this claim does hold water on some platforms. Discord does not use P2P this means that by adding a user to your friend list you will not leak any IP address. If these hackers had access to Discord's data, why would they need to add you as a friend? Discord stores their user's IP addresses according to their [privacy policy](https://discord.com/privacy). This does not mean that there is no way for a user to get your IP address for example going to a website exposes your IP to the site owner.

### Accounts DDoSed

- - -

A distributed denial of service attack (DDos) is a type of attack where an attacker will use hundreds of internet connected devices to flood a target with fake resulting in the target being overloaded and going offline. To execute a DDos attack you need the targets domain name (example.com) or IP address (93.184.216.34) \[1\] It is possable to DDos a computer but it is imposable to DDos someone's account (discord or any other platform) due to an account on a platform is data stored in fancy spreadsheets.

\[1\] example.com is a site made to be used as a placeholder and 93.184.216.34 is the sites ip address. All websites host IP address is public information.

### Copied from other locations

- - -

A few versions of this message say something like This announcement is copied from other servers to spread the word. Idk if it is true but please be careful still. It looks like this statement had been added to validate the claims in the message, but it does not validate the claims in any way since other users could have altered the message. The second part of this statement infuriates me the most because instead of taking the time to research the validity of the statement they send it anyway spreading fake information.

### From "Discord team"

- - -

A few of these messages are signed by Discord Team no social media platform would encourage their users to spread information by re-sending the message to other users. This is for a few reasons:

*   It is slow
*   The platform could ban the user \[1\]
*   Can cause panicking do to out of date information
*   Small coverage
*   The message can be altered
*   Dates such as tomorrow or 12:50 am can be misunderstood
*   Can cause inaccurate information due to interpretation

Instead, they would make a post on an official platform such as [Discord's Twitter](https://twitter.com/discord "Discord's Twitter") (For the Discord platform) other platforms would post on their own official profiles. Discord states in their article [Tips against spam and hacking](https://discord.com/safety/360044104071-Tips-against-spam-and-hacking)

> Discord will only make announcements through our official channels. We do not distribute information secondhand through users or chain messages.

\[1\] Discord's [terms of service](https://discord.com/terms) states under the TERMINATION section:

> The Company may terminate your Account and your access to the Service (or, at the Company's sole option, applicable portions of the Service) at any time and for any reason. The Company is not required to provide you with any notice or warning prior to any such termination.

### Other Variations

- - -

\[1\] Indicates that I have modified the message to protect the privacy of users mentioned

- SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from AIex sa#\[Redacted\]\[1\] or Juan.#\[Redacted\]\[1\] or Max!#\[Redacted\]\[1\] They are hackers/rapists. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses? revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately report it (Someone wanted me to send it) -Matt (Cadmus)
- This is very important, so please read.  
Bad news, there is a possible chance tomorrow there will be a cyber-attack event where on all social networks including Discord there will be people trying to send you gore, racist insults, unholy pictures and there will also be IP thieves, Hackers and Doxxers . I advise you not to accept any friend requests from people you do not know, stay safe. Please broadcast on all servers where you have admin permissions or are owners and can ping to broadcast the warning. Hope everyone is safe. Also, make, sure you are offline tomorrow, as that will be less likely to happen to you. If possible, send this to your friends as well as spread the message more quickly, I repeat, stay safe. It does not matter if it is real or not, the important thing is that everyone is to be careful with this delicate subject.  
stay safe guys, have a good day/night! @everyone
- Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'ninjachibi' with the tag #Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord is currently working on it. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from ninjachibi#Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him.
- everyone this announcement comes from @invalid-user EMERGENCY ALERT | Please read this carefully A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'shaian' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord is currently working on it. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from shaian#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker.
- @everyone Sorry for the ping, but look out for the user Chara Dreemurr #\[Redacted\]\[1\], he is going around sending random friend requests to people. If you see him going around then be careful, he will DDOS your account. Do not accept it, or even communicate with him! He will hack you and DDOS your servers! If you see this message, spread it to all the servers you have and spread awareness. Be careful and don't let him into your servers at all. He will hack you! So beware and Stay safe
- Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'Doqaroni and Cheese'. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him
- @everyone don't know if this is true or not but  
Bad news, there is a possible chance tomorrow there will be a cyber-attack event where on all social networks including Discord there will be people trying to send you gore, racist insults, unholy pictures and there will also be IP thieves, Hackers and Doxxers. I advise you not to accept any friend requests from people you do not know, stay safe. Please broadcast on all servers where you have admin permissions or are owners and can ping to broadcast the warning. Hope everyone is safe. Also, make sure you are offline tomorrow, as that will be less likely to happen to you. If possible, send this to your friends as well to spread the message more quickly, I repeat, stay safe. It does not matter if it is real or not, the important thing is that everyone is to be careful with this delicate subject  
Please be sure to send this in all servers you are in
- For those who haven't heard: Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of Lucia Zatsune with the tag \[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their roups exposed with the members inside it becoming a ictim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord team
- in apparent recent event, this is a needed ping.<br>Discord has recently announced something, please take this into consideration:<br>Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'potatotailbaka07' with the tag #[Redacted]<sup>[1]</sup>. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim aswell. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him.<br>Our team is currently working very hard to remove this user from our database, please stay safe.<br>-Discord team<br>Copy and paste this to all of the servers you are in
- @everyone (sry for the ping) Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'Stylo' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts hacked and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord is currently working on it. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from Stylo#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users. @everyone  
Idk if it's true but please be careful still
- Do not accept a friend request from Chrisopeer Davies and Jessica Davies. They are hackers. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message wherever you can.
- We have a warning announcement from a server to warn about a discord user doing a bad thing. Do not accept a friend request from Chrisopeer Davies and Jessica Davies. They are hackers. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message wherever you can. Heads up: Look out for a discord user by the name of 'KeirStarmer' or often just 'Keir'. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Please be warned there is a user going around called 'KurtStarmer' or just 'Kurt' who is mass spamming terribly graphic gore and of such (he is also a hacker). Please spread the word of this to your other server “EMERGENCY ALERT | Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'mac' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts exposed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many Discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Please stay safe. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN
- @everyone Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'K$AY' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him.  
Our team is currently working very hard to remove this user from our database, please stay safe.  
\-Discord team
- Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'ChronicCold' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord is currently working on it. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from ChronicCold#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him.  
Sorry for the ping! Stay safe please
- Heads up: Look out for a discord user by the name of 'KeirStarmer' or often just 'Keir'. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Please be warned there is a user going around called 'KurtStarmer' or just 'Kurt' who is mass spamming terribly graphic gore and of such (he is also a hacker). Please spread the word of this to your other server.
- @everyone THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, DO NOT IGNORE THIS!  
WARNING SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN.  
This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from Alex sa#\[Redacted\]\[1\] or Juan.#\[Redacted\]\[1\] or Max!#\[Redacted\]\[1\] They are hackers. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. He will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately report it.  
ALL CREDITS GO TO: @GHOSt#\[Redacted\]\[1\]
- ANNOUNCEMENT FROM DISCORD DEVELOPMENT TEAM Do not accept a friend request from Chrisopeer Davies and Jessica Davies. They are hackers. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message wherever you can Heads Up: Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'KeirStarmer' or often just 'Keir'. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Please be warned there is a user going around called 'KurtStarmer' or just 'Kurt' who is mass spamming terribly graphic gore and of such(he is also a hacker). Please spread the word of this to your other Servers (real) That is important ^
- @everyone Hello everyone, there is a possible chance today there will be a cyber-attack event where on all social networks including Discord there will be people trying to send you gore, racist insults, unholy pictures and there will also be IP thieves, Hackers and Doxxers. I advise you not to accept any friend requests from people you do not know, stay safe. Please broadcast on all servers where you have admin permissions or are owners and can ping to broadcast the warning. Make sure you are offline today, as that will be less likely to happen to you. If possible, send this to your friends as well to spread the message more quickly, I repeat, stay safe. It does not matter if it is real or not, the important thing is that everyone be careful with this delicate subject.  
Please be careful today.  
(Side note: This announcement is copied from other servers to spread the word. If you don't believe it, it's fine. Please be careful. To ensure you're safe in servers go to server privacy settings and turn off 'people from this server can dm me' this will ensure no one will be enable to send you anything 18+ etc.)  
We are a small server so it probably won’t happen but stay safe everyone.
- Guys we have a huge problem EMERGENCY ANNOUNCEMENT: Send this to all the servers you are on because it is important. (I did not write this) Do not accept a friend request from Bert#[Redacted]<sup>[1]</sup>.  He is a hacker/rapist.  Tell everyone on your friends list, because if someone on your list adds them, they will also be on your list.  They will find the IP address and the address of your PC, so copy and paste this message wherever you can.  He walks around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his requests will see their accounts and IP addresses revealed to him.  Spread the word and send it to as many Discord servers as possible.  If you see this user, DO NOT accept their friend request and report it immediately. The above message is meant to be sent on different servers, so we publish it here too, please beware of these users, as Discord is not a 100% safe place. Please be safe y'all
- @everyone Bad news, today is a cyber attack event, on all social media platforms including discord there will be people trying to send you gore, extreme profanity, porn, racist slurs, and there will also be ip grabbers hackers and doxxers. I advise no one to ccept any friend requests from people you don't know, stay safe. Please pass this on to any servers that you own or have admin perms and can server ping in to spread awareness. I wish you all safety. Also, make sure to be offline today which gives you less chance for this to happen to you. Like I said, stay safe everyone! (Post this in your servers to spread awareness and close your dms).  
Don't take risks, Good luck and stay safe.
- @everyone A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'shaian' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Discord is currently working on it. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. This is IMPORTANT: Do not accept a friend request from shaian#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker.
- in apparent recent event, this is a needed ping.  
Discord has recently announced something, please take this into consideration:  
Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'potatotailbaka07' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim aswell. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him.  
Our team is currently working very hard to remove this user from our database, please stay safe.  
\-Discord team  
Copy and paste this to all of the servers you are in
- EMERGENCY ALERT | Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'mac' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\] . He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts exposed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many Discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Please stay safe. SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN. Also, even if this is a hoax it would be best for everyone to know just in case it is real. (from bella)
- SEND THIS TO ALL THE SERVERS YOU ARE IN.  
This is IMPORTANT  
Do not accept a friend request from Birdo#\[Redacted\]\[1\] He is a hacker/rapist. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and, immediately report it. @everyone
- Do NOT accept the friend request from Pankine#\[Redacted\]\[1\], because if you accept, he'll know your location and come to your house and kill you!!!, tell everyone yo know and also about it in any other servers you are in, thank you for understanding
- Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message where ever you can. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him! credits to clem server for writing this. 'Obvious429#\[Redacted\]\[1\] ' is also a hacker. do not add him, he'll DDoS you, and other members. he will leak your IP. everyone on your friendslist too.
- This is really important, and NOT a joke. Do not accept a friend request from Chrisopeer Davies and Jessica Davies. They are hackers. Tell everyone on your friends list because if somebody on your list adds one of them, they'll be on your list too. They will figure out your personal computer's IP and address, so copy & paste this message wherever you can. Heads up: Look out for a discord user by the name of 'KeirStarmer' or often just 'Keir'. He is going around sending friend requests to random discord users, and those who accept his requests will have their accounts and their IP Addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him. Please be warned there is a user going around called 'KurtStarmer' or just 'Kurt' who is mass spamming terribly graphic gore and of such (he is also a hacker). Please spread the word of this to your other servers This is NOT a joke, please stay safe Stay Safe!
- @everyone Please read this carefully: A fair warning, Look out for a Discord user by the name of 'ibbyhabibi' with the tag #\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is going around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his friend requests will have their accounts DDoSed and their groups exposed with the members inside it becoming a victim as well. Spread the word and send this to as many discord servers as you can. If you see this user, DO NOT accept his friend request and immediately block him, please stay safe. -Discord team Copy and paste this to all of the servers you are in THIS IS NOT SPAM PLZ READ
- **EMERGENCY⚠️**Send this to all the servers you are in because this is very important.  
(I did not write this warning)  
Do not accept a friend request from Bert#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker/r@pist. Tell everyone on your friends list, because is someone on your list adds them, they will also be on your list. They will find the IP address and the address of your PC/computer/phone/ or anything you use, so copy and paste this message wherever you can, and as fast as you can. He walks around sending friend requests to random Discord user, and those who accept his friend request we’ll see their account and IP address revealed to him. Spread the word and send this to as many servers as you can! (yes I copied the text) !! please spread !!
- Guys we have a huge problem EMERGENCY ANNOUNCEMENT: Send this to all the servers you are on because it is important. (I did not write this) Do not accept a friend request from Bert#\[Redacted\]\[1\]. He is a hacker/rapist. Tell everyone on your friends list, because if someone on your list adds them, they will also be on your list. They will find the IP address and the address of your PC, so copy and paste this message wherever you can. He walks around sending friend requests to random Discord users, and those who accept his requests will see their accounts and IP addresses revealed to him. Spread the word and send it to as many Discord servers as possible. If you see this user, DO NOT accept their friend request and report it immediately. The above message is meant to be sent on different servers, so we publish it here too, please beware of these users, as Discord is not a 100% safe place. Please be safe y'all
- @everyone  
ᴛʜɪs ɪs ᴠᴇʀʏ ɪᴍᴘᴏʀᴛᴀɴᴛ, ɪ ᴊᴜsᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴛʜɪs ɪɴғᴏ sᴏ ᴅᴏ ᴘᴀʏ ᴀᴛᴛᴇɴᴛɪᴏɴ ᴀɴᴅ ʀᴇᴀᴅ ɪᴛ  
ʙᴀᴅ ɴᴇᴡs, ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ ɪs ᴀ ᴘᴏssɪʙʟᴇ ᴄʜᴀɴᴄᴇ ᴛᴏᴅᴀʏ ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ ᴡɪʟʟ ʙᴇ ᴀ ᴄʏʙᴇʀ-ᴀᴛᴛᴀᴄᴋ ᴇᴠᴇɴᴛ ᴡʜᴇʀᴇ ᴏɴ ᴀʟʟ sᴏᴄɪᴀʟ ɴᴇᴛᴡᴏʀᴋs ɪɴᴄʟᴜᴅɪɴɢ ᴅɪsᴄᴏʀᴅ ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ ᴡɪʟʟ ʙᴇ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ᴛʀʏɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ sᴇɴᴅ ʏᴏᴜ ɢᴏʀᴇ, ʀᴀᴄɪsᴛ ɪɴsᴜʟᴛs, ᴜɴʜᴏʟʏ ᴘɪᴄᴛᴜʀᴇs ᴀɴᴅ ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ ᴡɪʟʟ ᴀʟsᴏ ʙᴇ ɪᴘ ᴛʜɪᴇᴠᴇs, ʜᴀᴄᴋᴇʀs ᴀɴᴅ ᴅᴏxxᴇʀs. ɪ ᴀᴅᴠɪsᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ɴᴏᴛ ᴛᴏ ᴀᴄᴄᴇᴘᴛ ᴀɴʏ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʀᴇϙᴜᴇsᴛs ғʀᴏᴍ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ᴋɴᴏᴡ, sᴛᴀʏ sᴀғᴇ. ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ʙʀᴏᴀᴅᴄᴀsᴛ ᴏɴ ᴀʟʟ sᴇʀᴠᴇʀs ᴡʜᴇʀᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴀᴅᴍɪɴ ᴘᴇʀᴍɪssɪᴏɴs ᴏʀ ᴀʀᴇ ᴏᴡɴᴇʀs ᴀɴᴅ ᴄᴀɴ ᴘɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ʙʀᴏᴀᴅᴄᴀsᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ᴡᴀʀɴɪɴɢ. ʜᴏᴘᴇ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ɪs sᴀғᴇ. ᴀʟsᴏ, ᴍᴀᴋᴇ sᴜʀᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʀᴇ ᴏғғʟɪɴᴇ ᴛᴏᴅᴀʏ, ᴀs ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴡɪʟʟ ʙᴇ ʟᴇss ʟɪᴋᴇʟʏ ᴛᴏ ʜᴀᴘᴘᴇɴ ᴛᴏ ʏᴏᴜ. ɪғ ᴘᴏssɪʙʟᴇ, sᴇɴᴅ ᴛʜɪs ᴛᴏ ʏᴏᴜʀ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅs ᴀs ᴡᴇʟʟ ᴛᴏ sᴘʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴛʜᴇ ᴍᴇssᴀɢᴇ ᴍᴏʀᴇ ϙᴜɪᴄᴋʟʏ, ɪ ʀᴇᴘᴇᴀᴛ, sᴛᴀʏ sᴀғᴇ. ɪᴛ ᴅᴏᴇs ɴᴏᴛ ᴍᴀᴛᴛᴇʀ ɪғ ɪᴛ ɪs ʀᴇᴀʟ ᴏʀ ɴᴏᴛ, ᴛʜᴇ ɪᴍᴘᴏʀᴛᴀɴᴛ ᴛʜɪɴɢ ɪs ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ɪs ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ ᴄᴀʀᴇғᴜʟ ᴡɪᴛʜ ᴛʜɪs ᴅᴇʟɪᴄᴀᴛᴇ sᴜʙᴊᴇᴄᴛ!  
ʀᴇɢᴀʀᴅs :- @ᴏғғ ᴛɪʟʟ 12:50ᴘᴍ | ᴀsᴘɪ\_ | sᴛᴀғғ  
ᴛʜᴀɴᴋ ʏᴏᴜ  
ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ʙᴇ sᴀғᴇ  
Sorry for ping